# Patch 0.10.3
> A bunch of unit changes: balance, art, shadows and renames!

> Note: Patches have slowed down a lot and will be less about big system reworks. We're in the final phase before early access, which puts our focus more on polish, smaller tweaks, art and content! (you'll see new units and enchantments appearing in the Library)

## Features:
- Unit sprites and shadows reworked! Most units with proper art now have improved shadows and more accurate lighting when flipped. Most units also don't flip anymore when unnecessary. This is purely visual, not a functional change. (This process isn't finished yet)

## Units:
- Rafflesia: new art!
- Stone Wall: updated art
- Electrocatalyst: now only triggers 3 random friendly Tinker units (instead of all friendly tinker units) + name changed to **Big Red Button**
- Root of Life: name changed to **The Big Tree**
- Magic Well: name changed to **Infinity Pool**
- Oversized Crossbow: name changed to **Blighted Ballista**
- Synthetic Leecher: name changed to **Scarlet Leech**
- Geronimo's Warehouse: name changed to **Stockmoore's Warehouse**
- Magnus the Enchanted: name changed to **Magnus the Miniscule**
- Latching Spore: name changed to **Latchwood Spore**
- Obelisk: Cooldown from 3s to 4s
- Toy Production: Type changed from Utility to Solo
- Materia Contrarium: Damage Buff from 10% to 25%
- Weather Machine: Cooldown from 4s to 3.5s
- Bonfire: Triggers from 25 to 30
- Casino: Speed Buff from 1.5% to 2%
- Infinity Pool: Health from 240 to 80
- Shrub: Health from 30 to 50 and Health Buff for each Weapon from 50 to 20
- Tree: Health Buff from 10 to 5
- Toy Turret: Health from 150 to 100

## Heroes:
- Auris Quest Nerfs:
  - Investments: from 15 / 40 Mana required, to 20 / 50 Mana
  - Mini Replicator: can't duplicate a Weapon
- ZapZap Quest Buffs:
  - Overgrowth: now needs 6 Nature units instead of 10
  - Thriving Trees: now need 5 Trees instead of 6
## Bugs:
- Compound Knowledge was targeting wrong units
- Board in the Tutorial had an overlapping unit
- Options menu had wrong font sizes
- Fatigue wizard gains speed when atomic clock is destroyed
- Builds in the library now properly sort by patch (the 0.10 patch broke the sorting system)