# Patch 0.10.4
> Some sweet features for beginners, experts and a lot of new art!

## Features:
- When hovering over the unit UI, you can now pop open a window with synergy units and lore!
- When holding spacebar you can now view "Start of Combat" units. Hovering over the tag will show the order they will trigger in.
- New main menu buttons!
  - We're going to add more custom buttons, animations and sound effects to the whole UI in the next few patches, this is a little teaser :)

## Units:
- Crystal Core: now always gives a free Crystal when bought from a shop.
- Scarlet Leech: Faction changed to Ancient
- Cannon: name changed to Cannon Keep
- Sun Altar: name changed to Red Sun Shrine
- Voodoo Totem: name changed to Vile Totem
- Thanathos' Altar: name changed to Altar of Decima
- Sequoia: name changed to Towering Shadewood
- Rafflesia: name changed to Giant Rafflesia
- Homing Missiles: name changed to Firepot Trebuchet + temporary art change
- Proliferator: name changed to Elder Dandelion + new art!
- Glow Berries: new art!
- The Portal: new art!
- Latchwood Spore: new art!
- Jumpstarter: new art!

## Heroes:
- Auris: finished art!

## Bugs:
- Stacking small shields could lead to Health gaining *(negative Damage was possible)*
- Toy Turrets could collide with Proliferator (now Elder Dandelion) summons
- Lots of bigger bugs will be addressed in the next few patches
  - *We've hit a point where most small bugs are patched out, and the few remaining ones are less common and pretty deeply rooted. I've spent a lot of time rewriting systems (like how the game saves/loads data etc) and will slowly start replacing the current code. But of course this process will take a bit more time, any mess-ups could have big ramifications. So don't worry if you don't see your bug being fixed in these notes, all your feedback is noted and actively being worked on!*

## Other:
- Rewording a lot of unit info for more clarity and uniformity.
- New logo!
- Start of combat ordering is now more streamlined and consistent (and units like Supercharger now correctly highlights adjacent units with Start of Combat effects)
