# Patch 0.11.0
> Massive visual changes!

## Features:
- New pretty UI in most places! (more to come)
- Buttons got some extra animations
- Custom mouse cursors

## Units:
> Besides some fixes, there are also lots of balance changes. These mostly center around making Weapons with the "Normal" Damage Class more relevant.
- New unit: Enchant Weaver!
- Piranha plant can no longer trigger itself (causing infinite loops)
- Weather Machine now divides its lifesteal between the 5 targets instead of stacking
- Research Facility now gives an Enchantment even when it has no adjacent units
- New art:
  - Weather Machine
  - Spellbound Rocket
  - Conjured Clock (previously Bonfire)
  - Firepot Trebuchet
  - Warden's Flame
- Balance:
  - Rusty Sentry: Health / Damage from 85 / 120 to 100 / 150
  - Cannon Keep: Damage from 75 to 85
  - Entombed Terror: Damage / Speed from 100 / 1.6s to 80 / 1.3s
  - Soul Slinger: Damage / Speed from 140 / 2s to 100 / 1.5s
  - Tesla Coil: Health / Speed from 325 / 1.0s to 280 / 1.1s
  - Red Sun Shrine: Damage / Speed from 120 / 1.8s to 80 / 1.4s
  - Towering Shadewood: Health / Damage Reduction from 275 / 10% to 300 / 15%
  - Mushroom Mender: Health from 320 to 350
  - Brick by Brick: Health / Bonus Health from 100 / +40 to 250 / +25
  - The Pillar: Health / Bonus Health from 100 / 60% to 200 / 50%
  - Sunrise Flower: Health Buff from 10% to 20%
  - Artillery Repeater: Damage / Speed / Explosive from 40 / 1.2s / 40% to 50 / 1.6 / 20%

## Heroes:
- Quest icons!

## Bugs:
- Shelter could become invulnerable
- The enemy Rocket would target the furthers biggest unit instead of the closest
- Level up enchantment worked on units that shouldn't be getting damage buffs (Weather Machine etc)
- Fixed an exploit to duplicate Enchantments
- Random Soul Slinger could appear in the combat logs
- Units could still take damage from projectiles after combat has ended (leading to lost hitpoints by *destroyed* units)

## Other:
- You can now click outside of most UI to close it
- Inventory will now hide itself when there are no items inside / show itself when you have items
- Hovering over the Damage Class in the unit UI will now display a tooltip to explain the class
- Matchmaking now has new brackets, these will slowly be integrated as more people play games to replace the old ones on the server (new brackets: 0-200 / 201-600 / 601-1000 / 1001-...)
- Losing and gaining rating for matches is now **HALVED**! This will hopefully limit the big swings up/down in rating from a few matches. You still get +10 for 16 survived rounds.
- In the Ranked mode you are now guaranteed a Weapon shop on round 3 if you only have 1 Weapon and on round 5 if you only have 2 Weapons or less (this is to prevent very unlucky cases where people don't find Weapons for multiple rounds, falling behind. We currently guarantee at least 3 Weapons by round 5)
- Ratings got new colors (work in progress, they will also get icons!  )
- Library filters got improved
