# Patch 0.9
> The biggest game-changing patch ever: Heroes, new systems for quests/hitpoints/rating, new tutorial, new music and new art!!

## Features:
- New Hitpoint system. You start with 200 Hitpoints and take damage based on the size of the surviving enemy units, with a maximum of 50. There's a little animation to help visualize the damage
  - *The goal of this change is to tackle 2 existing problems: 5 damage was almost always the default after the first few rounds, and losing to a couple surviving trees or crystals won't feel as bad anymore.*
- Heroes! You start every game with a Hero that you select, they all have unique quests. You will get offered 2 random quests that you can choose from.
- New Rating system! Instead of being purely win-based, it now also takes into account the rounds you survived and gives a little bonus for surviving all 16 rounds. Wins are still more important than the rounds for the rating calculation. This also has a ripple effect for the current rank titles and matchmaking (which will be adjusted over time)
  - *We are hoping that this encourages new playstyles and still rewards players who had many close losses but make it to the end-game. This new system also goes hand in hand with the updated hitpoint system*
- New improved tutorial
- New Battle soundtrack
- Small animations to text
- Voodoo Totem now displays its Damage in the combat log
- Myrria now displays more clearly in the combat log

## Units:
- New art:
  - Pain Inverter (name changed from Inverter)
  - Super Charger
  - Buffer Bot
  - The Pillar
  - Magic Missile Mine (name changed from Homing Landmine)
- Casino: from 4% speed buff to 2%
- Power Plant can now only speed up non-Tinker town units
  - *This is probably the most nerfed unit so far. This change hopefully stops the self-buffing chain of speeding up the Mechanic and triggering itself faster and faster (and other Tinker units)*

## Bugs:
- Common crash with fast Tinker builds *should* be fixed
- Second Chance Enchantment now properly works
- Town Hall could buff Weather Machine
- Synthetic Leecher could get its Damage buffed
- Thanathos' Altar resummoning units at full health
- Materia Contrarium eating units outside of battle
- Shadows could sometimes overlap
- Scarecrow could be damage buffed

## Other:
- Quests no longer show up as encounters
- Fatigue now scales exponentially rather than linearly
- Health is capped to 1.000.000
  - *Crazy highrolls are fun and should exist in the game, but when 2 boards face eachother that both can get nearly infinite health, the fatigue matchup can also last infinitely long. The exponential fatigue scaling and capped Health should both keep that in line, while still allowing for crazy and insane setups!*