# Patch 0.9.1
> Follow-up to the big Hero patch, most changes are Hero/Quest related and bug fixes.

## Features:
- Tier 1 units now also have an appearance weight
  - *Appearance weights (the rates of units showing up) vary for a lot of units and tiers in the game. Tier 1 was the only collection of units that always had the same odds of showing up, but this would also lead to the easy forcing of builds. So until we have more units in the game I'm also giving them their own weights.*
  - *Clarifications: every unit has an equal 100% offer rate. Once units get bought, their offer rate relative to other units goes down. If an unit has 50% offer rate, it'll appear half as much as units with a 100% rate. These rates can never go below 10% (with the exception of conditional units and the Pain Inverter) or exceed 100%. Here's the list of weighted units, in order from highest to lowest: Tier 4/5 - All weapons - Tier 2/3 - Tier 1*
- Heroes and Quests are now in the Library
  - *You will also need to unlock Quests like you unlock Units and Enchantments in the library*
- Heroes now have custom islands (these are temporary/tests)

## Units:
- Pierce units got their effect buffed *(Since the Pierce change they fell off a lot)*
  - Big Laser Pointer: 10% -> 40%
  - Oversized Crossbow: 20% -> 75%
- Synthetic Leecher: Cooldown from 0.5s to 1s and Damage from 25 to 50
  - *DPS stays the same, but this will make it less strong to combo with a Mushroom Mender and Piranha plant, which essentially triggered the plant every 0.25s by itself.*

## Heroes:
- ZapZap **Sporadic Support** quest now gives 1 Latching Spore when you buy your first 2 Weapons instead of 2
- Ambrose **Rapid Expansion** now guarantees Town units of tier 3 and below, **Protectors** now guarantees a Defense unit of tier 3 and higher
- General wording changes (no functional changes)

## Bugs:
- Top UI can sometimes clip into each other
- Zooming the camera during Hero select
- Magic Missile Mine would display the old sprite when triggered
- Rare game crashes when going back to main menu *(once again, let me know if this is now fixed!)*
- The opponents' Hero didn't display properly
- Casino now properly highlights all Town units
- Leaving the tutorial could disable the "New Game" button

## Other:
- Quests don't appear on the hero select anymore
  - *This was pretty confusing for most people at first. It looks like you can select a quest to play with. Hiding them will help new players make a decision much easier (picking a hero based on playstyle or interest). The 2 starting options are random anyway.*
- Slightly changed the Hitpoint animation at the end of a fight
  - *Things could look a bit messy and hard to grasp, I'm sure I'll still need to change this animation more and polish it, but right now all the units animate at the same time and the damage number calculates at a fixed speed.*
- Small wording changes to the Tutorial