# Patch 0.9.5
> Massive features and balance changes!

## Features:
- You can now only buy 1 Weapon max every round
  - *Some of the most common complaints are about the early fights and Weapons. It either feels really bad when an opponent finds more Weapons early than you, or just better ones. It's almost always the best play to just buy 2 Weapons on round one if possible. This change should guarantee that the first couple fights everyone has the roughly the same amount of offensive tools, the main difference will now be the other units you pick up. There will still be options that have higher winrates early-game but worse late, and vice versa. But we'll keep a careful eye on all Weapons and make sure even the "bad" ones will never feel useless.*
- Shift-clicking can now add/remove units from selection
- Inventory hides when dragging a unit/enchantment from it *(this prevents it from blocking a small area of the island when full)*
- Enchantments can now easily be dragged and dropped from anywhere, including from the inventory, unit UI and encounters
- Small pop-up for new units in the shop that have not yet been added to the library
- Transmute event now visually destroys the units
- Dynamic Sound System
  - *As we are slowly adding more and more sound effects to the game, we needed a good sound system. Right now only units visible on screen can trigger their sound effects, they also get louder as you zoom in and quieter as you zoom out. There's a buffer to limit the amount of noise and effects triggering at the same time. Finally, there's a dynamic ambience system that shifts every round depending on the factions on your board! This audio is all coming in the next patch :)*

## Units:
- Force Field: New Art! Health from 500 to 400, Buff from 10 Health to 5
- Homing Missiles: Damage from 100 to 75 and Cooldown from 2.4s to 1.8s. Now switches to normal targeting (closest unit) when no more Town units are available
- Unstable Tesla Coil: Now loses 2 Damage on hit instead of 1
- Warden's Flame: Explosive Damage from 10% to 15%
- Stone Gorgon: Cooldown from 1.8s to 1.5s and stun from 0.4s to 0.6s
- Mecha Dragon: Health from 400 to 250 and Cooldown Buff from 0.03s to 0.02s
- Weather Machine: Damage from 5 to 20, Damage Buffs from 0.5 to 1 and Cooldown from 2s to 4s
- Spellbound Rocket: Damage from 250 to 150, Explosive Damage from 50% to 25% and Cooldown from 4s to 3s. Can now target Weapons if opponent has no other units remaining
- Magic Missile Mine: Damage from 350 to 100
- Sonic Mine: Damage from 5 to 4
- EMP Mine: Now slows down 1 random Friendly and Enemy unit for 0.2s
- Scarecrow Cooldown increase from 0.05s to 0.1s
- Voodoo Totem: Health from 300 to 400
- Compound Knowledge: Damage Buff from 0.5 to 1
- Casino: Cooldown Buff from 1% to 1,5%

## Bugs:
- Empty slots in the inventory *(This bug is hard to replicate, so I have no guarantee it's fixed yet)*
- Toy Turrets could spawn out of bounds
- Haunted Clocktowers didn't work with supercharger
- Projectiles still dealing damage after combat ended
- Rating update at the end of game could incorrectly display the rating change by 1 point *(this was purely a visual rounding error)*
- Destroy animation now properly plays for units that get permanently destroyed