# Patch 0.9.2
> The big optimization patch, quality of life improvement and features!

## Features:
- New advanced graphic settings
  - *This is for low-end PCs that struggle. You can now disable the main menu islands (those can take up a bit or RAM), clouds, all combat particles and lighting effects.*
- Shrunk the game file size by over **HALF**!
- Starting up the game is now faster and less laggy
- Overall RAM usage is significantly lower
- Build history is now available in the Library. You can also save and load builds, so you can share them with other people to check out.

## Units:
- Cthulu's Disciple: New art + name change to Entombed Terror
- Casino: Cooldown buff from 2% to 1%
- Super Charger: Cooldown from 4s to 5s
- Powerline: Cooldown buff from 20% to 10%
- Eternal Bonfire: Cooldown buff from 3% to 1% and triggers from 20 to 25
- Electrocatalyst: Triggers needed from 16 to 20
- Bathhouse: Is now solo. When in fatigue, start a 3s cooldown. On trigger, trigger all adjacent Town units (can't Trigger other Solo units)

## Bugs:
- Solo mode boards could get wrongly saved
- Volume can now properly be set to 0%
- Rating could reset to 0
- Spam-clicking Enchantments in shop could give extra copies

## Other:
- Minimum speed is now capped to half of its original cooldown instead of 0.1s
  - *Getting things to ridiculously low speeds can feel awesome, but powerful units at 0.1s are nearly unbeatable. This should feel more fair to face, and make the game revolve less around getting everything to the cooldown limit, and shift focus a bit more to other stats as well. Should also put a stop to easy scaling to the Health/Damage cap.*
- Unit appearance rates are decreased again for ALL tiers (getting copies is more rare)